doc: Documentation tweaks ALA-607 (#10)
codacy/codacy-vscode-extension: README.md

# Codacy Visual Studio Code Extension

> The Codacy extension for Visual Studio Code helps you review and manage issues found by Codacy by notifying you whether a pull request is up to standards, highlighting problematic code patterns, and displaying code quality metrics directly within Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: Small tweaks.

```suggestion
The Codacy extension for Visual Studio Code helps you review and manage the issues found by Codacy directly within Visual Studio Code. It notifies you whether a pull request is up to standards by highlighting problematic code patterns and displaying code quality metrics.
```
